Introduction

ON PROGRAMMING
When action grows unprofitable, gather information; when
information grows unprofitable, sleep.

Maybe I need to learn some of "Best practices"

There are many terrible mistakes to make in program design,
and you should go ahead and make them so that you understand them.

WHY LANGUAGES MATTERS

wether = if

languages can be expressed in both long and short, unreadeable and readeable way. And they're made to make a easlyway to write and read a program.

in summary a good language helps the programmer by allowing them to talk about the actions that the computer has to perform on a higher level.

WHAT IS JAVASCRIPT?
JS was introduced in 1995 as a way to add programs to webpages in the Netscape Navigator Browser. He language has since been adopted by all other major graphical web browsers. JS provide various forms to interact with websites

Its important to note that Javascript has almost nothing to do with the programming language named Java. They just used the name for Marketing porpurses.

After its adoption outside of Netscape a standard document was written to describe the way the javascript language should work. This was called ECMAScript standard.

Javascript is ridiculously liberal in what it allows. The idea behind this design was that it would make programming in Javascript easier for beginners. In actually it mostly makes finding problems in your programs harder because the system will not point them out to you.

CODE, AND WHAT TO DO WITH IT

Try to not just glance over the examples, read them attentively and understand them. The same goes for the execises. Dont assume you understand them until you written a working solution.

